---
template: 'journalPostTemplate'
slug: '/journal/godaddy'
date: '2020-09-01'
title: 'Hello GoDaddy'
cover: ../../../images/journal/godaddy_meta_cover.gif
thumb: ../../../images/journal/godaddy_meta_cover.gif
background: '#E5E7E7'
Tags:
  - design
  - life
---

## Good Bye, Happy Money

Next Tuesday is my last day as Design Director at [Happy Money](https://happymoney.com). I've spent the last 5 years working for an amazing mission-driven company, gaining so much personal growth on so many great projects. I'm so honored to have had the opportunity for the last two years to lead the Brand and Product Design teams. It was my ultimate pleasure to be apart of growing and scaling the design org into a flourishing team of talented individuals. No doubt, some of the best people that I've ever worked with; they're all going places and I can't wait to watch, now from a distance.

## Hello, GoDaddy

Starting on September 21st, I'll be joining GoDaddy as a Principal UX Designer to work on the shop experience. This new opportunity entered my horizon, and I'm so excited to be joining an expansive world class team. GoDaddy caught my eye in recent years with their massive brand reinvention. Even more so, since the pandemic, seeing how they've directed their business and purpose to become mission driven towards small businesses affected by COVID. I'm beyond excited to be joining up to contribute to such a transformational brand at such a pivotal time in the world.

I'll be joining the team as a full-time remote team member, working from my backyard studio office in sunny (currently smokey) Long Beach, California.

Here's to moving onward.

–JC
